Hello everyone, Vika and you and 2 guide
on rf before 1 you see the parcels start with
the fact that now they all assert that
frs before imbalance his character
you must either remove either hard excel and I
I look agree and I am sure of one hundred
percent that soon his poppixie
and strongly enough let's move on to
the guide itself namely the combine com
who can do with land and
and other characters
very often happens when the opponent
blocking your escape route
coming up from the side can solve this problem
easy
during startup or prior to use
rolling boulder
we push the enemy away
it turns out such a garbage
we will go further the enemy takes damage
and goes back
the way is free in we fly forward the truth
does not work if you block the road
more than that character in such a situation
when there is no camp
urgent need to kurt an opponent but you
you roll to it
miss what is the solution and
here is just rolling time when we
roll yourself an opponent need to have time
learn from mouth or boulder smash but also with
distance is minimal in and so
situation when you ganga and teles yes and
any character that is somewhere like
mate you need to charge sharply and
do not have much damage
great way
time between each other stone
sit at a great distance and during
rolling called clicking on the stone
builders between you roll along with the stone
that is, you and accelerate and stone ad
opponent smeshariki builder if they
overshoot creates fat damage him fat
you fly slow you can still camp
finish off
and the loss of the speediest corpse of land as well
well worth mid and because he
too many farms but because he
can annoy her very much
rival
namely mortar and put foros blood
is a rival careless suited to
the product is close then we make the frame
Agate creep to the husbands creep like a boulder
smash and right under the goods and pass them
most likely dead and if not measures then by
at least pretty crippled it
in-game situation is inexpensive yes
it really works you believe everything
made on me
and if you saw the enemy lands and on
midu
better way to neutralize it
gank like this
did you know that with rolling
boulder can escape from the killer girl then
Now you know for sure
save by using where the magnetic ride were
pole dance dream to fall exactly the table is not
shoot hurt another situational
guide often if you line up online and you
stand behind the river there may come
enemy mider or you turned to
nger can easily go without fast run to
shop and across the river through
impassable crap
we roll maybe stuck in
the forest but it's better than dying
I was often killed, or rather almost
always when I first pressed rollin
bolt in the direction of the enemy crowd
but there is a cure for this error
time rollers you can character
unfold inside you helped and
naturally you can knit force staff
and you fly back if you do
correctly very useful fresh tommy
Moravian smear a little garbage which
soon as it is fixed a relationship
baltur rouling and camp if you go somewhere
trying to roll and give you a camp
from in front of you at an acceptable distance
have an opponent that does not matter is there are not
will be left behind and will be behind him
but only if you are there, will you
stunned if not then what became normal
will work fine if before
land and there is no opponent that's such garbage
but even fixed so soon over
will not work as well as lands and
good country jump slarke
all tight you well if Kontrov
boulder smash pushing their geologist
now pulls its but the rolling
boulder
in general, the cat finally, how to counter and
Persian before and everything just never
walking in a straight line will and pooja puka if
you see an enemy pike
of speed and then remove more mills
more fat characters and more fat well
shorter than something more something less but
the main thing is to be less than and put on
wards card otherwise in the initial take it
you just fucking 7 azamat and
there is, and all go step VKontakte group
subscribe to my channel put
likes and write about who else
write guide
that